Exactly.
He's a shameless bargain
Hmph, aren't you Zhao Ruolan's biological mother?
How can you say that about your own daughter?
I've already scolded the boundaries with such a bargain
I don't have such a daughter
I am Mrs. Gaucho now
The mother of an Olympic champion
Ha ha.
You really don't want Zhao Ruolan as a daughter anymore?
He gets 0 points for engraving things
Just faked my triple carelessness
Such a person is not qualified to be my daughter
Mei Feng
Tiger poison doesn't know this yet
Ruolan
After all, he was born to you in October
How can you say that to him, shut up
You two losers
What right do you have to talk to me about feelings?
You don't deserve it.
Don't you just like my son?
He won the Olympic championship.
And the richest man Ma gave me 1 billion contract
Do you want to cling to me?
I tell you no way
Don't even think about it.
I really don't want this daughter anymore
To a disgraceful loser
What do you want?
I look disgusting
He can be like my son High George
Brought me 1 billion contract and a triple gift?
Then do you know why I gave it to you?
A billion-dollar contract
Do you want three congratulations?